‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test‎when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎Wait! We have to fight, Fu!
‎Let's use the Miraculous. I'll take
‎the Ladybug and you take the Black Cat.
‎But what if we fail? They'll get the box.
‎And the world will end! Come with me!
‎We'll be safe in England!
‎-Marianne?
‎-Leave without me.
‎I'd rather stay and resist,
‎even without the Miraculous.
‎I'll come back for this. And you.
‎I'll be waiting for you.
‎Right here. Every day.
‎Marianne,
‎I've never told you this, but I...
‎Shh! Tell me when you come back!
‎ Over there! Catch them!
‎Now go!
‎ Come on! Faster! The box!
‎We must get the box!
‎Girls, we have a very serious situation!
‎Adrien and his father have been invited
‎to the royal wedding this weekend.
‎That's the "emergency" you called us
‎over here for on a Saturday morning?
‎You don't get it!
‎Kagami and her mother are going, too!
‎Which means Adrien and Kagami
‎will spend an entire weekend together!
‎And?
‎What if Adrien is blown away
‎by her dress and hairstyle?
‎And if they dance together?
‎And what if they tour the city
‎on a romantic horse ride?
‎It would be the end of the world! They are
‎taking the Star Train to London at 11 AM!
‎That's in less than two hours!
‎We've gotta do something, fast!
‎-Ugh!
‎-We could...
‎organise a demonstration
‎and make the trains go on strike?
‎Nah! They'd just take a helicopter
‎or a private jet.
‎I know! We'll dress you up
‎as British megastar Adeline,
‎so you can slip into Buckingham Palace!
‎You'll lure Adrien away from Kagami
‎at the reception
‎and waltz with him
‎in the grand ballroom and--
‎Then, when Adrien finds out
‎you're not who he thought you were,
‎he'll be disappointed
‎because he hates lying.
‎He'll fall head over heels in love
‎with Kagami, given that she never lies,
‎and you'll get locked away
‎in the Tower of London.
‎Why don't you just kidnap Kagami?
‎That's cool.
‎-That would be bad!
‎-No way we can do that, Juleka!
‎Listen, Marinette, the best thing to do
‎is just spill your guts to Adrien
‎once and for all,
‎before he takes off for London!
‎-Couldn't we try Juleka's idea instead?
‎-Mmm, mmm!
‎But I just can't do that! I can't talk to
‎him without stumbling all over my words!
‎I've been trying for months and...
‎And... you're right!
‎It's about time things changed!
‎I'll find the courage, somehow!
‎Thanks, girls!
‎-You sure you'll be OK?
‎-Yeah, sure!
‎I'll let you know what happens!
‎Bye, girls!
‎-Wayzz! What's going on?
‎-Marinette, you must come with me!
‎Master Fu needs you!
‎Do you think it's serious?
‎Master Fu
‎wouldn't send Wayzz if it wasn't!
‎You mean like the time
‎he locked himself out of the house?
‎It's about time Fu learned
‎how to write and send texts!
‎Write! Thank you, Tikki!
‎That's the answer!
‎I'm gonna write Adrien a letter
‎and give it to him just before he leaves.
‎Then I won't mess up anything
‎when I open my mouth!
‎"Dearest you... When you love someone,
‎you must never hold back
‎from telling them.
‎One day, you might realise it's too late
‎and all your hopes and dreams are ruined,
‎with no way to go back in time.
‎I want to tell it to you today, before you
‎leave, so you can take my words with you.
‎I hope they'll make their way to
‎your heart and, when you come back,
‎you'll give me a chance to prove how true
‎these words really are. I love you."
‎-I love you!
‎-Ha, ha, ha, ha!
‎-She's got a crush!
‎-Look at her, she's got a crush!
‎Come on, kids!
‎It's not nice to make fun of poets!
‎Maybe this isn't
‎such a good idea after all.
‎Marinette...
‎Doctor! Is Master F... I mean, Grandpa OK?
‎Of course he is.
‎You know what men are like.
‎-A hiccup and they think they're dying!
‎-My time has come!
‎Here you go! Fetch this from the pharmacy
‎and he'll be back on his feet in no time.
‎And don't forget to eat more veggies,
‎Mr Chan! You need fibre, for gut's sake!
‎-Mr Chan?
‎-You can never be too careful!
‎Marinette, if anything happens to me,
‎I want you to take care
‎of the Miracle Box!
‎-You'll be the new guardian, and--
‎-Oh, come on, Master Fu,
‎you're overreacting!
‎It's just a little bellyache!
‎I am 186 years old, remember.
‎The doctor doesn't know that.
‎You're going to be fine.
‎I'll go and fetch your medication, then.
‎Wait! That's not why I called you here.
‎Go to the address written here,
‎down on the riverbanks, at 11:00am.
‎You'll see a woman there wearing a pretty
‎brooch shaped like a Chinese ideogram.
‎-Give her this letter.
‎-Who is she, Master?
‎Someone I've always loved,
‎but have never seized the moment to tell.
‎Master! You've got a sweetheart!
‎But... why today?
‎Because I'm just realising
‎that I've waited way too long.
‎I don't know how much time I have left,
‎but I don't want to waste another moment.
‎You're so right! If you don't do it now,
‎you'll probably never do it!
‎I'm going to do what I need to do today,
‎too!
‎-Thank you.
‎-Bring the medication back fast!
‎I don't care what the doctor says.
‎I don't have a good feeling about this!
‎You can count on me, Wayzz!
‎Hey, wait! Adrien's train is leaving at...
‎Oh, no! That's in 20 minutes!
‎The meds, Master Fu's and Adrien's letter.
‎You won't have time to do everything!
‎I won't have time! But we might!
‎Tikki! Spots on!
‎Yeah!
‎Spots off!
‎-Adrien!
‎-Marinette?
‎Here! Read this in the drain...
‎on the train.
‎I've never told you kiss... this...
‎but what I want more than anything else
‎is written on this piece of paper...
‎and only you can give it to me.
‎Sorry! Medical emergency!
‎I did it! I gave him the letter!
‎I actually did it! After all this time!
‎Why did I wait so long? It was so easy!
‎I'm so proud of you, Marinette!
‎You were right to take the plunge!
‎All right, time for the next one!
‎Tikki, spots on!
‎I'm feeling a sense of uneasiness in you,
‎Gabriel-san!
‎I think I just don't like
‎being away from home, that's all.
‎He who hopes gives himself
‎the opportunity to obtain what he desires.
‎But he who fears always ends up
‎with the very thing he dreads.
‎I shall remember that, Tsurugi-san.
‎-Hello again, Mr Ramier.
‎-How are you today, Miss Lenoir?
‎Today's the day!
‎I know he's coming. I can feel it.
‎He really is a very lucky man.
‎He doesn't deserve you!
‎-Hello, ma'am!
‎-Look! Ladybug?
‎Yeah. I have a letter for you.
‎The mailman asked me to give it to you,
‎-because there was something wrong with--
‎-I know perfectly well who sent you.
‎-Oh!
‎-Go now.
‎The less we talk,
‎the safer your secret will be.
‎But thank you, Ladybug.
‎I've been waiting for this moment
‎for a very long time.
‎You're welcome, ma'am!
‎It was very nice meeting you!
‎Morning, ma'am!
‎Here! It's very urgent!
‎Uh, look... Thank you for this
‎very moving, heartfelt declaration,
‎but I'm taken and my name's not Marianne.
‎Uh! So, if you have Master Fu's letter,
‎who's got the prescription?
‎"When you love someone,
‎you must never hold back from telling them
‎when you have the chance.
‎Because, one day,
‎you might realise that it's too late
‎and that all your hopes and dreams
‎are ruined,
‎with no way to go back in time
‎and do it over."
‎"Too late?" "Hopes and dreams... ruined?"
‎This means he doesn't love me any more?
‎That it's too late for the two of us?
‎-Oh! Miss Lenoir!
‎-We promised each other...
‎All this pain... All these years
‎of waiting... for nothing!
‎-Father?
‎-We are about to depart.
‎-Stand clear of the doors.
‎-This train will not depart till I say so.
‎Who do you think you are?
‎I am Gabriel Agreste
‎and I'm not feeling well.
‎And until I'm feeling better,
‎nobody goes anywhere! Is that clear?
‎Mmm-hmm. Yes. I'm sorry, Mr Agreste.
‎-We've got work to do.
‎-Ladies and gentlemen,
‎we have a sick passenger on board.
‎Our departure will therefore be
‎slightly delayed until further notice.
‎I can feel a whole lifetime of hope...
‎The hope of being reunited
‎with one's true love,
‎only to find out
‎that the waiting has been in vain!
‎Fly away, my little akuma,
‎and evilise her!
‎Miss Lenoir? Wait!
‎Backwarder! I am Hawk Moth!
‎I'm granting you the power to make up
‎for lost time by stealing it from others!
‎All I ask for in return
‎is Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
‎Thank you for giving me a second chance,
‎Hawk Moth!
‎Mrs Lenoir?
‎No more time to waste!
‎This just in. There's a new
‎supervillain at large.
‎I... I'd better go check on my father!
‎-Occupied.
‎-Oops! Sorry!
‎Gotta go, huh?
‎Plagg! Claws out!
‎Oh, no! I've seen that brooch before!
‎If my love letter
‎caused this kind of reaction,
‎it's a good thing Adrien didn't read it!
‎Oh, no!
‎Phew! Here!
‎You'll be safe here in a meantime!
‎Oops! Milady, OK you are?
‎-Are you OK, Milady?
‎-They've been hit by a supervillain!
‎I saw that. Looks like
‎she's making them go back in time.
‎I'm sure the akumatised object
‎is the brooch with the Chinese ideogram.
‎I trust you!
‎-Not so fast!
‎-There you are again, you ghastly bug!
‎Once I've touched you, all I have to do
‎is wait for you to transform back!
‎-Then you can give me her Miraculous!
‎-Not right now.
‎First, I'll follow her
‎so that she can lead me back to the man
‎who gave her those earrings!
‎What? You know the Guardian of
‎the Miraculous? You must take me to him!
‎Fu? Of course!
‎He's the one who broke my heart.
‎He's been hiding
‎under a false name for a long time.
‎But now, thanks to you, Hawk Moth,
‎I'm going to find him again, at last,
‎and make up for all that lost time!
‎Ha, ha, ha!
‎What a delightful twist of fate!
‎Cat Noir, I was at Master Fu's earlier!
‎We can't let her touch me,
‎or she'll lead Hawk Moth
‎straight to the Miracle Box!
‎I'll gladly be your bodyguard, Milady!
‎In no time, you'll be back the way
‎you were before you got akumatised!
‎Return to sender!
‎Hey! Be nice to Milady!
‎You're wasting your time
‎while I grow stronger!
‎We won't defeat her this way, Cat Noir!
‎All I need is one hit!
‎Ha, ha! Time's up, Cat Noir!
‎Grr!
‎Wanna play hide-and-seek, huh?
‎I've got all the time in the world!
‎I'll find you sooner or later!
‎And once I've defeated you,
‎you'll lead me straight to my sweetheart!
‎Then, I'll be able to get my hands
‎on not only their Miraculous,
‎but all the other magic jewels as well!
‎Ha, ha, ha, ha!
‎-It's time we made a plan!
‎-A helping hand from fate is in order!
‎Lucky charm!
‎-A pipe?
‎-That's incredible!
‎I was just thinking, "Why don't we redo
‎the fountain's plumbing while we're here?"
‎OK! I know what to do. Follow me!
‎She's gone away.
‎Quick! Let's make the most of it!
‎-Take this!
‎-Hmm?
‎There! Now tie the pipe round your ankle!
‎This seems more convoluted than usual.
‎It's the most complicated ever!
‎I have to stay focused!
‎-I'm with you, Milady!
‎-OK! Now, stretch your arm out like this
‎and take a few steps back
‎until the string is pulled tight.
‎Perfect! Now raise your arm
‎and say "cataclysm" backwards!
‎Mylsc... slymca... "msylcatac!"
‎-Msylcatac!
‎-Excellent! Now pull the tube back to you!
‎-Right, now, follow me!
‎-To the ends of the Earth, Milady!
‎Come on!
‎You're merely delaying the inevitable!
‎Sorry, we got a little held back!
‎But we're all yours now. No more timeouts!
‎My sweet, darling Fu,
‎soon we'll be back together again!
‎-I'm sorry!
‎-Sorry for what?
‎For this!
‎-Tahw rof yrros?
‎-One down!
‎I can't believe Fu chose
‎such a cowardly Ladybug,
‎who would sacrifice her own Cat Noir!
‎What are you doing? Why don't you
‎just take Cat Noir's Miraculous?
‎You'll understand soon enough.
‎He's powerless now! But I want Ladybug!
‎She's my only ticket back to Fu!
‎Ah! My ankle! I think I've sprained it!
‎You're mine!
‎Cataclysm!
‎No!
‎No more evil-doing for you, little akuma.
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly.
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎Pound it!
‎Well, at least I think so. 'Cause I still
‎don't understand what all that was about!
‎That's because we girls
‎are mysterious that way!
‎Oh! Oops!
‎Sorry, but I'd better scat, super fast!
‎-Why the rush?
‎-It's a secret! Cats are mysterious, too!
‎What happened to me?
‎I give you the wrong letter earlier.
‎I hope you'll forgive me.
‎I can't change the past, but I hope
‎this letter will change your future!
‎Don't believe for one second
‎that you've won, Ladybug!
‎I've acquired more information that will
‎enable me to track the Guardian down!
‎And even though no one in Paris
‎goes by the name of Master Fu,
‎I will find where he's hiding.
‎Soon, I'll be able to have him decipher
‎the spell book for me
‎and maybe, who knows, even get my hands
‎on every Miraculous known on Earth!
‎I know it's taking a long time...
‎-You seem to be feeling a lot better.
‎-Oh, yes, I am.
‎Our incident has been resolved.
‎This train for London is about to depart.
‎Stand clear of the doors.
‎We apologise for any inconvenience.
‎-Marianne, I...
‎-Fu, I...
‎Marianne,
‎I'm sorry I took so long to come here.
‎I always felt as long as
‎I was in charge of the Miracle Box,
‎I'd be a danger to anyone I'm close to.
‎But that's all in the past now.
‎I know you always
‎wanted to do what's best.
‎I know what a responsibility it is,
‎being the Guardian of the Miraculous.
‎Unfortunately,
‎Hawk Moth now knows that I know you.
‎-Yes. He could hurt you to get to me.
‎-We can't be together until he's defeated.
‎I have full trust in the ones I've chosen.
‎They will succeed.
‎Now it's my turn to go and hide,
‎my sweet, darling Fu.
‎Marianne,
‎I've never told you this but I... I...
‎Shh! Save it for when I get back!
‎Why doesn't he just tell her?
‎It's probably not the right time yet.
‎How about you?
‎When will it be the right time for you?
‎I'll tell you if I'm still alive after
‎seeing Adrien again tomorrow morning.
‎So, how did it go?
‎-Did you tell him?
‎-Yeah... I mean... kinda.
‎Basically, I gave him a letter.
‎Woohoo! Yeah!
‎-Tell us exactly what you wrote.
‎-Oh, not much.
‎-It's not really important, is it?
‎-What? How can you say that, girl?
‎Uh... Hey, Marinette!
‎-Hey!
‎-I was surprised when I read your letter.
‎But since it seemed important,
‎I spent the whole weekend
‎walking around London looking for it!
‎For you.
‎-Thank you!
‎-I'm glad I could help!
‎Disaster!
‎Disaster?
‎He had you on his mind all weekend.
‎-He even brought back a gift for you!
‎-Yeah, what is it?
‎-Come on, show us!
‎-Open it!
‎No, we're good! Trust me.
‎We really don't need to open it!
‎Constipation capsules?
‎What a beautiful display of pure love!